Now we're gonna have the remove
from cart button coded up.
And I think the very basics of this
you could be able to try yourself.
And that's what we're gonna cover in this video
is creating a button, creating the mutation.
The mutation that we're gonna be using
is called delete cart items.
So, and there's no custom mutations or anything right here.
We're simply just using the built-in Keystone API.
We'll do that.
So try do that on your own.
And then in the next couple of videos
we're also gonna look at some more advanced Apollo Features,
which is update our functions,
and what's called optimistic responses.
So that like you don't necessarily have to wait
for the query to re fetch when you delete it.
It just immediately will show you that it's been deleted.
So let's get going here.
We'll go into our components here
and we'll make a new component called,
RemoveFromCart.js.
In here, export default function, remove from cart.
And that will take in the ID of the cart item
that needs to be deleted.
And then from that
we will return a button that has a times in it.
And then when you use something like that,
that's gonna read to your screener as multiplication sign.
So what we'll do here
is we'll put a title on that button that says,
remove this item from cart, okay.
Now it's giving me grief
because I forgot to add the type of button, okay.
Then let's do a little bit of CSS.
We'll say,
we'll make a new styled component called big button,
is equal to style.button.
We'll import the styled attribute here.
And we'll go in there and we'll say font size
three REM, background, none, border zero.
And I'm gonna say, when it is hovered,
so end hover, the color is going to be red
and the cursor is a pointer
and we'll go here and place this button with our big button.
And then we'll go into our cart.js component.
And we'll go into our singular cart item.
And right below that closing div
we will put our remove from cart button,
will auto import that
and then it gets past the ID, which is the product.
No, not product, it's the cartitem.id.
Okay, cool.
Looking good.
We've got all of our X's showing up, which is great.
Next we'll code up our mutation.
So const remove from cart mutation is equal to GQL.
Go ahead and import that.
And the mutation that we delete
is called delete cart item that takes in an ID variable
with the type of ID and that is required.
And then from that
we will run actually, usually I, sorry, excuse me.
I usually call that remove for cart mutation.
And then here, it's called delete cart item.
This is the thing that lives in our Keystone API
and will pass an ID, which is the ID variable.
And then what we get back is simply just the ID
of the deleted item.
And we're gonna need that because we want to remove it
from the cache without having to go back to the server
and re fetch the entire users cart.
Now we'll go up here and then we'll say,
const remove from cart and loading is equal to use mutation.
And we, I auto imported that by the way
we pass it our remove from cart mutation
and then the variables that we pass
it's going to be simply just the ID variable.
And I did something wrong here.
What did I do wrong?
Unexpected comma.
Oh, I forgot one more curly bracket, that's why.
There we go.
So now when somebody clicks on this button
we will run the remove from cart button.
So let's say on click is equal to remove from cart.
And then also we'll just say disabled,
that's equal to loading.
So the person can't fire off multiple
or remove from cart mutations.
All right, I think that should be enough
for the very basics of it.
So we'll try to remove this Yeti Hondo from our cart.
Let's open up our Dev tools just to make sure X
and, now visually nothing has happened.
If I give it a refresh, is it still in our cart?
No, it's no longer in there.
Okay, so that has successfully worked.
In the next video, what we're gonna do is we have to,
we normally, we could do something like this,
like re fetch queries
and then we could just give it the user query
and it would re fetch the current user's cart
and then that thing would update
but that's not always the solution that you want.
So I'll say more about that in the next video.
We'll visually show the item being removed
from the cart with optimistic responses.